# Autonomous Robots as Performing Agents

I was particularly intrigued by the author's claim that "physical agents are more entertaining and engaging than virtual agents." While I do believe this to be generally true, there are a few exceptions that come to mind. Mainly, the increasing appearance of artificial intelligence influencers on social media. One example of this is Miquela Sousa, who has over 1 million followers on instagram. She wears real-life brand name clothing, hangs out with other influencers outside of social media, and even suffers from problems like allergies! This, however, is entirely fabricated as the influencer is actually just a 3D model online. 

On another note, the three types of communication for a performing agent are very true to the communication between human actors! Actor-actor, director-actor, and actor-audience is very commonly taught. One difference I noticed here, though, is that the director is not usually involved in a human performance. Instead, there is heavy direction before a performance and then the director steps out. Often, the director leaves the project once a show opens. I wonder if there is a long-running show with autonomous agents, will the director follow the theater norm and leave after the first few performances, or will they remain to guide the agents in their performance? I'm sure there will be instances of both. 

One other item of note is that agent to director communication is not very common. I wonder if this includes the serial communication that we tend to use in our programming. I feel as though that would be very common in these autonomous agents as a way of understanding what the agents are doing and processing. 

One part of the reading I didn't understand was this quote: "In other words, a woggle can only see what another woggle is doing if it is looking at it, but a woggle can see what other woggles are doing even from behind them." I don't get this at all. So a woggle can only see what's in front of them, but also they can see behind them too? Is this like, they can only respond to what's in front of them, but they still process and understand what's behind them? I'm very confused. 
